README.md, before:

# CSK_Module_[ModuleName]

Module / Application to provide [...] functionality.

*If available, please also add a screenshot/gif of the UI of the module here placed within /docu/media/ (see code)*
![](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/[REPO_OF_MODULE]/blob/main/docu/media/UI_Screenshot.png)

## How to Run

[***...please fill with informations...***]  
For further information check out the [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/[REPO_OF_MODULE]/main/docu/CSK_Module_[MODULENAME].html) [update link] in the folder "docu".

## Information

Tested on:
[Device] - [firmware]
...

[***optionally***]
Following CSK modules are used for this application via Git subtrees and should NOT be further developed within this repository (see [contribution guideline](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/Contribution_Guideline.md) of this GitHub organization):  

  * CSK_Module_XYZ (release/tag v1.2.3)

This application / module is part of the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit developing approach.  
It is programmed in an object oriented way. Some of the modules use kind of "classes" in Lua to make it possible to reuse code / classes in other projects.  
In general it is not neccessary to code this way, but the architecture of this app can serve as a sample to be used especially for bigger projects and to make it easier to share code.  
Please check the [documentation](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/docu/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit_Documentation.md) of CSK for further information.  

## Topics

Coding Starter Kit, CSK, Module, SICK-AppSpace, [key_words]

Commit message:

Dev update versions (#1)
* Squashed 'CSK_1stModule_Logger/' content from commit bdc0373

git-subtree-dir: CSK_1stModule_Logger
git-subtree-split: bdc03734d466b8ecba63ebfe9eee752cf4665dec

* Squashed 'CSK_Module_DeviceScanner/' content from commit a74b249

git-subtree-dir: CSK_Module_DeviceScanner
git-subtree-split: a74b2498c3b0e38c6f9911f085d6186f267c316a

* Squashed 'CSK_Module_MultiRemoteCamera/' content from commit 0304df0

git-subtree-dir: CSK_Module_MultiRemoteCamera
git-subtree-split: 0304df041c108da0270c970603ee2eaf9733f4ee

* Squashed 'CSK_Module_PersistentData/' content from commit 4e09824

git-subtree-dir: CSK_Module_PersistentData
git-subtree-split: 4e0982476f466bb293c7508c71da43371dfc78ed

* Squashed 'CSK_Module_PowerManager/' content from commit 9cce4c3

git-subtree-dir: CSK_Module_PowerManager
git-subtree-split: 9cce4c3765cbfed7ee51a8f19e11e45ef6c867fe

* # Version 1.2.0

## Repository moved to GitHub organization

README.md, after:

# CSK_Template_CameraSetup

CSK Template to show how CSK modules can be used/combined to provide basic features for RemoteCamera setup.  
![](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Template_CameraSetup/blob/main/docu/media/UI_Screenshot.png)

## How to Run

The template includes an intuitive GUI to setup a system with multiple cameras.  
The generic UIs of the used CSK modules can also be used for further configurations.  
For further information check out the [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Template_CameraSetup/main/docu/CSK_Template_CameraSetup.html) in the folder "docu".

## Information

Tested on:  
1. SIM1012        - Firmware 2.2.0  
2. SIM2500        - Firmware 1.3.0  
3. SICK AppEngine - Firmware 1.3.2  

**IMPORTANT**  
Following CSK modules are used for this application via Git subtrees and should NOT be further developed within this repository (see [contribution guideline](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/Contribution_Guideline.md) of this GitHub organization):  

  * CSK_1stModule_Logger           (release 4.0.0)
  * CSK_Module_DeviceScanner       (release 2.0.0)
  * CSK_Module_MultiRemoteCamera   (release 5.0.0)
  * CSK_Module_PersistentData      (release 4.0.0)
  * CSK_Module_PowerManager        (release 2.5.0)

This template is part of the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit developing approach.  
It is programmed in an object oriented way. Some of these modules use kind of "classes" in Lua to make it possible to reuse code / classes in other projects.  
In general it is not neccessary to code this way, but the architecture of this app can serve as a sample to be used especially for bigger projects and to make it easier to share code.  
Please check the [documentation](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/docu/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit_Documentation.md) of CSK for further information.  

## Topics

Coding Starter Kit, CSK, Module, SICK-AppSpace, Template, Multi, Camera, SIM, Image, 2D
